README.md, before:

# Mandatory Disclosure Rules Frontend

This service provides a UI that allows registered users to submit their cross border arrangement to HMRC.

### Overview:

Only users with the correct credentials will be redirected to this service. Users will submit their arrangement as an XML file using an upload form. This service allows users to see if the submission is successful or fails against an XML schema or against business rules. Within this service users are also able to change their contact details and check the status of previous submissions.

This service interacts with [mandatory disclosure rules (backend)](https://github.com/hmrc/mandatory-disclosure-rules).

### API Calls:


| PATH | Supported Methods | Description |
|------|-------------------|-------------|
|```/mandatory-disclosure-rules/callback ``` | POST | Upscan callback |
|```/upscan/v2/initiate ``` | POST | Retrieve Upscan form data |
|```/mandatory-disclosure-rules/upscan/details/:uploadId``` | GET | Retrieves upscan session details containing UploadId, Reference & Status from backend |
|```/mandatory-disclosure-rules/upscan/status/:uploadId``` | GET | Retrieves only the upload Status from backend |
|```/mandatory-disclosure-rules/upscan/upload``` | POST | Request an upload |
|```/mandatory-disclosure-rules/validate-submission``` | POST | Passes Upscan URL to backend to perform XML Validation |
|```/mandatory-disclosure-rules/submit``` | POST | Submits Schema validated XML to backend |
|```/mandatory-disclosure-rules/subscription/read-subscription``` | POST | Retrieves Subscription Details (Contact Details) from backend |
|```/mandatory-disclosure-rules/subscription/update-subscription``` | POST | Updates Subscription Details (Contact Details) from backend |
|```/mandatory-disclosure-rules/files/:conversationId/details``` | GET | Retrieves a specific file from backend containing subscriptionID, messageRefID, file status, file name & timestamps  |
|```/mandatory-disclosure-rules/files/details``` | GET | Retrieves details of all submitted files from backend |
|```/mandatory-disclosure-rules/files/:conversationId/status``` | GET | Retrieves file status for a specific file from backend |


#### *API specs*: 
 - [MDR Read Subscription API
   spec](https://confluence.tools.tax.service.gov.uk/display/DAC6/MDR+Specs?preview=/388662598/434373869/AEOI-DCT70d-1.2-EISAPISpecification-MDRSubscriptionDisplay.pdf)
   
  - [MDR Update Subscription API
   Spec](https://confluence.tools.tax.service.gov.uk/display/DAC6/MDR+Specs?preview=/388662598/434373871/AEOI-DCT70e-1.2-EISAPISpecification-MDRSubscriptionAmend.pdf)

## Run Locally

Run the following command to start services locally:

    sm2 --start MDR_ALL

Mandatory Disclosure Rules runs on port 10018

#### *Auth login details*: 

      enrolmentKey = "HMRC-MDR-ORG"  
      identifier = "MDRID"  
      identifier value = "XAMDR0009234567"
      redirect url = "http://localhost:10018/report-under-mandatory-disclosure-rules"
      
#### *Acceptance test repo*:  
[mandatory-disclosure-rules-file-upload-ui-tests](https://github.com/hmrc/mandatory-disclosure-rules-file-upload-ui-tests)
      
## Requirements

This service is written in [Scala](http://www.scala-lang.org/) and [Play](http://playframework.com/), and requires a Java 8 [JRE] to run.

[![Apache-2.0 license](http://img.shields.io/badge/license-Apache-brightgreen.svg)](http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.html)

Commit message:

Upgrade to Scala3 (#259)
* Upgrade to Scala3

* Update sbt-plugin

README.md, after:

# Mandatory Disclosure Rules Frontend

This service provides a UI that allows registered users to submit their cross border arrangement to HMRC.

### Overview:

Only users with the correct credentials will be redirected to this service. Users will submit their arrangement as an XML file using an upload form. This service allows users to see if the submission is successful or fails against an XML schema or against business rules. Within this service users are also able to change their contact details and check the status of previous submissions.

This service interacts with [mandatory disclosure rules (backend)](https://github.com/hmrc/mandatory-disclosure-rules).

### API Calls:


| PATH | Supported Methods | Description |
|------|-------------------|-------------|
|```/mandatory-disclosure-rules/callback ``` | POST | Upscan callback |
|```/upscan/v2/initiate ``` | POST | Retrieve Upscan form data |
|```/mandatory-disclosure-rules/upscan/details/:uploadId``` | GET | Retrieves upscan session details containing UploadId, Reference & Status from backend |
|```/mandatory-disclosure-rules/upscan/status/:uploadId``` | GET | Retrieves only the upload Status from backend |
|```/mandatory-disclosure-rules/upscan/upload``` | POST | Request an upload |
|```/mandatory-disclosure-rules/validate-submission``` | POST | Passes Upscan URL to backend to perform XML Validation |
|```/mandatory-disclosure-rules/submit``` | POST | Submits Schema validated XML to backend |
|```/mandatory-disclosure-rules/subscription/read-subscription``` | POST | Retrieves Subscription Details (Contact Details) from backend |
|```/mandatory-disclosure-rules/subscription/update-subscription``` | POST | Updates Subscription Details (Contact Details) from backend |
|```/mandatory-disclosure-rules/files/:conversationId/details``` | GET | Retrieves a specific file from backend containing subscriptionID, messageRefID, file status, file name & timestamps  |
|```/mandatory-disclosure-rules/files/details``` | GET | Retrieves details of all submitted files from backend |
|```/mandatory-disclosure-rules/files/:conversationId/status``` | GET | Retrieves file status for a specific file from backend |


#### *API specs*: 
 - [MDR Read Subscription API
   spec](https://confluence.tools.tax.service.gov.uk/display/DAC6/MDR+Specs?preview=/388662598/434373869/AEOI-DCT70d-1.2-EISAPISpecification-MDRSubscriptionDisplay.pdf)
   
  - [MDR Update Subscription API
   Spec](https://confluence.tools.tax.service.gov.uk/display/DAC6/MDR+Specs?preview=/388662598/434373871/AEOI-DCT70e-1.2-EISAPISpecification-MDRSubscriptionAmend.pdf)

## Run Locally

Run the following command to start services locally:

    sm2 --start MDR_ALL

Mandatory Disclosure Rules runs on port 10018

#### *Auth login details*: 

      enrolmentKey = "HMRC-MDR-ORG"  
      identifier = "MDRID"  
      identifier value = "XAMDR0009234567"
      redirect url = "http://localhost:10018/report-under-mandatory-disclosure-rules"

## Testing

#### Precheck
Before creating a PR, run all test suites together with Scoverage and ScalaFMT code formatting:

    ./precheck.sh

#### Unit tests
You can run unit test suite with

    sbt test

#### Integration Tests
To run integration test suit, execute

    sbt it/test
      
#### Acceptance test repo*:  
[mandatory-disclosure-rules-file-upload-ui-tests](https://github.com/hmrc/mandatory-disclosure-rules-file-upload-ui-tests)
      
## Requirements

This service is written in [Scala](http://www.scala-lang.org/) and [Play](http://playframework.com/), and requires a Java 8 [JRE] to run.

[![Apache-2.0 license](http://img.shields.io/badge/license-Apache-brightgreen.svg)](http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.html)
